Isn't this bead sealed to understand soul tribulation?
But the beads are broken.
When Elder Ling Nian broke the bead
I thought the soul that keeps out the cold would dissipate at any time
But the beads are still warm
So I concluded that the soul that kept out the cold had not left
That is to say
Sister still has the possibility of resurrection
Yeah, you could say that.
Too bad I can't see it. Your hand is hurt.
Be careful he's coming back to life
Is this an immortal cockroach?
He died.
not good
Here is yo
It's the two of you
When the old ancestor is about to take off and ascend to immortality
I can still meet you
Fate, fate, you are still alive
Cause and effect in the world
All originated on that day
The old man has sought the god of cause and effect
Give you a chance to sleep in time
Boy, you still need to go back and solve this evil fate yourself
Go to evil